I
heeding major busy day today sir yes the
usual thing Fred training training and
more training a real scene say and real
at the moment expect you'll get all your
orders soon major and you can get into
the scrubber last night yes I guess all
right Fred must be patient will you have
sir rod scotch please Fred and plenty of
ice coming right up sir hello George old
boy I'd say cheer up it may never happen
oh hi Josie Sunday why what will ever
happen you buy me a drink hahaha oh come
on what do you have common beard sounds
a good idea tellabs bears fat coming
right up major
let's weightings hell isn't it joez
can't wait to get going get something
done before a damn Crouch get any nearer
well the good news is there something in
the wind about some sort of sortie in
the next few weeks yes I had rumors but
you know I boomers are all our barrack
room chitchat and seriously George
something is in the wind and I don't
mean a Freddie fart beg pardon sir it's
all right Fred will excuse you up too
many beans and the Navy I reckon oh very
good sir you're too beer sir thanks Fred
well actually at last or possibly if
we're lucky hmm that would be luck
George oh boy but he dangerous stuff in
this part of the world the longer we
wait the longer we stay alive you've got
a young son angie george yes yes i have
god bless him young Richard he'll be
head of the family when I'm gone
there'll be five years old in a couple
of weeks five years old Oh it'll be a
long time before he takes over from you
Georgie boy but if the actions as tough
as I think it will be sunday oh come on
George we're all indestructible The
Three Musketeers that's where they call
us we'll see Jerry off the moment here
is his ugly head you can see hmm I have
sir meanwhile let's enjoy this French
hospitality come on lads drink up Cheers
yes southern towns ask measure bila beg
to step in you hello George good to see
you again cigarette no thanks sir smoked
my last again last night sir reminiscing
under the stars thinking it all out got
a bit choked up and a little queasy into
the bargain they must make for me until
I'm to watch George well until the big
push house they say for a big offensive
that's why I'm here is
that come well frankly yes George it's
all very hush-hush but the jared's began
their invasion last night in Holland and
they're taking over Holland and Belgium
so they can get here so similar to the
siphon plan of the Great Wall very
similar yes one of our men intercepted
the Nazi plan to invade France and this
is it shown on this map so what's our
job our job is to help the Belgian Army
near Brussels and push the jury's back
to where they came from don't know the
exact detail but I'm hoping to get some
new information tomorrow morning but
mums the word George top secret not a
word to your men until we get further
orders meanwhile how advances every day
yes pretty damn close already as you
know we'll be on standby from now on so
get your lads prepared to face a sortie
very soon how long until the cherries
gets here Oh commenti of time the
jellies will take days to get here you
know they are you know what they were
like during the Great War well it's good
to have some real promise of action at
last sir I'll get to it and rally the
troops well be standing by for further
orders thanks colonel good luck George
we've got a fine fighting record in a
great body of men under your command
England expects as they same and they
won't be disappointed sir thanks
Wow
they waited last George this is what she
be waiting for some action
another step ahead to win this lousy
will marry Richard this is all over I'll
be back back with you my family
sell them fingers crossed us become a
service in one piece